ST10441362 - Ethan Naidoo 
The purpose of the smart weather app hat I have created is to help us and everyone else see the pattern with the weather and look at how quickly the weather can change within a day. The app is efficient and works. It is a simple app that i have developed to assist us in keeping record of the weather on a weekly basis. The app is simple to use and nagvigate around, It did not take me long to code up an app like this , although i did encounter many erros and probelms along the way to eventually have a succcessful app. the design of the app is simple as it is not a game and just a app that we will input the daily weather in and view the average weekly weather conditions. The app has a total of 6 buttons that will assist you in navigating your ay through the app. 
The use of GitHub: After thorough checks and running my code multiple times to make sure that everything was working the way I wanted it to, I had submitted my app through GitHub, the process was slightly complicated, but after a few attempts I managed to get it done correctly. After waiting for a few minutes, I was relieved to see the green tick. Working with GitHub to submit your projects, assignments are not too complicated but there are a lot of steps involved just to get your project through without encountering any difficulties. Using GitHub allowed me to create, store, change merge and collaborate with my code. Now that I have submitted my code through GitHub my lecturer can access and view everything through the GitHub repository, like a folder with files. My lecturer can make edits or changes that others can see. GitHub assisted me in hosting code for version control and collaboration. With the use of GitHub to submit my code, it makes it easier for me as the developer to push it through for the end user who is my lecturer to check for any errors, make adjustments/changes and view what I have done. My overall experience with GitHub was moderate and I do believe that it’ll improve as I work more with it soon.
